[DataGrid] Add `tabNavigation` prop to control tab navigation in the grid (#20286)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/data-grid/accessibility/accessibility.md

The user can override this setting with the optional toolbar density selector.

You can create a custom toolbar with a density selector that lets users change the density of the `DataGrid`, as shown in the demo below.

{{"demo": "DensitySelectorGrid.js", "bg": "inline"}}

See the [Toolbar component—Settings menu](/x/react-data-grid/components/toolbar/#settings-menu) for an example of how to create a settings menu that stores user preferences in local storage.

## Keyboard navigation

`DataGrid` listens for keyboard interactions from the user and emits events in response to key presses within cells.

### Tab sequence

According to [WAI-ARIA Authoring Practices](https://www.w3.org/WAI/ARIA/apg/patterns/grid/), only one of the focusable elements contained by a composite widget should be included in the page tab sequence.
For an element to be included in the tab sequence, it needs to have a `tabIndex` value of zero or greater.

When a user focuses on a `DataGrid` cell, the first inner element with `tabIndex={0}` receives the focus.
If there is no element with `tabIndex={0}`, the focus is set on the cell itself.

> The two data grids below illustrate how the user experience is impacted by improper management of the page tab sequence, making it difficult to navigate through the data set:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The two Data Grids below illustrate how the user experience is impacted by improper management of the page tab sequence, making it difficult to navigate through the data set:
```

);
```

### Tab navigation

While the default tab sequence behavior works well for most use cases, you may want to customize how the <kbd class="key">Tab</kbd> key navigates within the grid.
`DataGrid` provides the `tabNavigation` prop to control this behavior.

```tsx
<DataGrid rows={rows} columns={columns} tabNavigation="content" />
```

The `tabNavigation` prop supports the following values:

> - **`"none"`** (default): This is the standard tab sequence behavior described above, and it is in line with the [`grid` composite widget pattern](https://www.w3.org/WAI/ARIA/apg/patterns/grid/), which states that only one of the focusable elements contained by the grid is included in the page tab sequence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`"none"`** (default): This is the standard tab sequence behavior described above. It aligns with the [grid composite widget pattern](https://www.w3.org/WAI/ARIA/apg/patterns/grid/) which states that only one of the focusable elements contained by the grid should be included in the page tab sequence.
```

  In this case, `DataGrid` does not handle <kbd class="key">Tab</kbd> key presses, allowing the browser's default tab sequence to control focus movement.
  Pressing <kbd class="key">Tab</kbd> or <kbd><kbd class="key">Shift</kbd>+<kbd class="key">Tab</kbd></kbd> will move focus to the next or previous element in the page's tab sequence, which may move focus outside of the grid.

- **`"content"`**: <kbd class="key">Tab</kbd> navigation is enabled only for grid cells (content area).
  Pressing <kbd class="key">Tab</kbd> moves focus to the next cell in the same row, or to the first cell of the next row if the key is pressed at the end of a row.
  Pressing <kbd><kbd class="key">Shift</kbd>+<kbd class="key">Tab</kbd></kbd> moves focus to the previous cell in the same row, or to the last cell of the previous row if the key is pressed at the start of a row.

>   When focus is on a column header and <kbd class="key">Tab</kbd> is pressed, focus moves to the first cell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  When the focus is on a column header and <kbd class="key">Tab</kbd> is pressed, the focus moves to the first cell.
```
